Capstone Project: Planning of Project
Problem: Predict the most Popular fields and States to go to for H1B sponsorship
  The client for this problem is for international students who are deciding on what field and even state they want to work in. To be eligible to work in the US a H-1B visa is necessary. For a foreign national to apply for H1B visa, an US employer must offer a job and petition for H-1B visa with the US immigration department. This is the most common visa status applied for and held by international students once they complete college/ higher education (Masters, PhD) and work in a full-time position. The Visa system is a total lottery but to be eligible for this lottery one requires a job field that is able to be accepted by the Government. 
  Using the data collected from The Office of Foreign Labor Certification, a slightly modified data wrangling code by Sharan Haribole to create a csv file where the data would be formatted in a Tidy-er format. The Columns in my CSV file will consist of Employer Names, Job titles, Wage, and Geolocation of employers.
  The data types of the columns are consist of mostly categorical. The wage and mageolocation of employers will be numerical data sets.  
EMPLOYER: Name of employer submitting the H1-B application. Used in comparing salaries and number of applications within a State
 TITLE: Title of the job is how I will be able to find the most frequent and most popular jobs within a State.
WAGE: The prevailing wage for a job position is based on an employer's the minimum requirement for a position. This column will be one of the key metrics to determine desirability. 
GEO_STATE: The foreign worker’s intended area of employment. Using information here I will be able to find the relationship between State and H1B holders and the type of Jobs H1B holders will most likely be getting. 
	The data set will include 1048575 applicants who were eligible for H-1B and will contain over hundreds of companies who have sponsored the H1-B. Ultimately my app is to find out 
	Top 100 most applied jobs,  their salary, their locations, the cost of living index within those areas, and whether they are STEM or others.
I’m going to find the top 100 most popular job with a barchart, with Job field on the X axis, and the total number of accepted H1-B applicants for each job field. Each field will have 3 bars with different colors indicating the year of the data. Through this I hope to see what is the most popular type of job that H1-B visa applicants are accepted for. It’s been hypothesised that STEM majors usually have a much higher chance of being accepted.
Next I want to see if STEM majors influence acceptance of H1-B visa applicants.
After I want to find the salary of each job to see which job fields pay the most. At the same time I want to see if salary influences acceptances of H1-B visa applicants.
After I want to find the most popular job and their locations. I’m going to first find the location of each job field and their location with a shiny webapp. I will modify the app so that it uses geo location of longitude and latitude instead of zip code. https://shiny.rstudio.com/gallery/superzip-example.html
Lastly I want to find the relationship between cost of living and the wage offered for the top 100 jobs. Using the top 20 as a small sample to represent the larger. 

